Patch (#144)
Fabulously-Optimized/wiki: server-setup.md

The CurseForge listing used to have "server packs", but [those were actually just the MultiMC packages](install-instructions.md#minecraft-launcher-vanilla) that were marked as server packs for better visibility.

> **Disclaimer: All content on this page is suggestive. If you need any help with server setup, please ask in the respective mod or platform support site.**

Reviewer: The sentence could be improved, but I don't think "suggestive" is the appropriate word here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Disclaimer: All content on this page should be treated as a suggestion. If you need any help with server setup, please ask in the respective mod or platform support site.**
```
Maybe this?
